Add doc for hmac functions (#83)
JuliaCrypto/SHA.jl: docs/src/index.md

```

Note that, at the time of this writing, the SHA3 code is not optimized, and as such is roughly an order of magnitude slower than SHA2.

```@docs
update!
digest!
```

### All SHA context types

**SHA-1**
```@docs
SHA1_CTX
```

**SHA-2**

> Convenient types are also provided, `SHAXXX_CTX` is a type alias for `SHA2_XXX_CTX`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Convenience types are also provided, where `SHAXXX_CTX` is a type alias for `SHA2_XXX_CTX`.
```
